Hi, it affects a lot because yesterday cinema
French and I'll tell you the things that
You do not need the eraser pencil.
office case sharpener that includes you
be with you need to come back and ego
but I will not use glory for whoever goes
do the work come here I have a people
Good, we're going to do 74 days starting.
here in the ring 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 good and
also a right side or print sheet
or as a notebook or curriculum
a normal sheet is not
right and what are you going to do when
Isolated here, sir.
there then what the other side
same way
Beauty, there you go and make two.
Colorados are here and the other to leave the
from this time here
on his side will make two pictures
so after two colleagues here in
top
starting from the end of it, to stay
Veiga
then you go to the air here but against
attack starting from the top end after
of frames that's right there you go down
two starting from the tip at this low point
two more
and that other low point plus two
and to close the ax
but that's it and if you want you can do it
put it inside I would not recommend the
frame and pasting if it does not get too ugly
leave anyway
It's good, fine, but I hope you have
liked the video does not leave a like
beauty worth spoke michel went